connpool: support filtering by `sharding.roles` (#10319)
tarantool/tarantool: changelogs/unreleased/gh-10318-connpool-sharding-roles-filter.md

## feature/connpool

> - `connpool.filter()` now supports filtering by a `sharding.roles`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `connpool.filter()` function now supports filtering by the `sharding.roles`
```

Author: Thank you! Applied this change.
